HOWTO: Implementing a Squeeze and Excite block (#1018)
google/flax: docs/howtos/squeeze_and_excite.rst

> Squeeze and Excite Block

Reviewer: In the paper: "Squeeze-and- Excitation (SE) block"

Suggestion:

```suggestion
Squeeze-and- Excitation (SE) Block
```

=============================

We will show you how to...

> * Implement a Squeeze and Excite Block

Reviewer: In the paper: "Squeeze-and- Excitation (SE) block"

```suggestion
* Implement a Squeeze-and- Excitation (SE) block

```

> Squeeze and Excite Blocks were introduced in `"Squeeze-and-Excitation Networks" <https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.01507>`_ seek to

Reviewer: In the paper: "Squeeze-and- Excitation (SE) block"

So, how about this:

```suggestion
Squeeze-and- Excitation blocks `(Hu at el., 2017) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.01507>`_ seek to
```

improve the quality of representations learned by a network by modelling the dependencies between channels of convolutional features.
The first step in the block is the Squeeze operation: all channels are aggregated by taking their means, changing the 

> tensor's shape from (H, W, C) to (1, 1, C). Then it goes through an Excitation operation: the mean vector passes through a 2 layer MLP

Reviewer: Suggestion:

- I recommend clarifying what "it' means here ("Then, it goes through....") since there are different moving parts

Author: Changed it

> and then is used in a self-gating mechanism, where it modulates each channel. The output still has shape (H, W, C) and so can just be passed

Reviewer: Suggestion:

To avoid the "then... then" repetition, how about "then... before being..."

```suggestion
before being  used in a self-gating mechanism, where it modulates each channel. The output still has shape (H, W, C) and so can just be passed
```

> and then is used in a self-gating mechanism, where it modulates each channel. The output still has shape (H, W, C) and so can just be passed

Reviewer: Suggestion:

- Minor refactoring

```suggestion
and then is used in a self-gating mechanism, where it modulates each channel. The output retains the shape (H, W, C) and therefore can just be passed
```

on to the next layer.
.. code-block:: python

  class SEBlock(nn.Module):

>     """Squeeze-and-Excitation Block."""

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
    """The Squeeze-and-Excitation block."""
```

> Squeeze-and- Excitation (SE) Block

Reviewer: Whoops! Bad copy-paste on my part. Here's the correction

```suggestion
Squeeze-and-Excitation Block
```

=============================

We will show you how to...

> * Implement a Squeeze-and- Excitation (SE) block

Reviewer: Whoops! Bad copy-paste on my part. Here's the correction

```suggestion
* Implement a Squeeze-and-Excitation block
```

> Squeeze-and- Excitation blocks `(Hu at el., 2017) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.01507>`_ seek to

Reviewer: Whoops! Bad copy-paste on my part. Here's the correction

```suggestion
Squeeze-and-Excitation blocks `(Hu at el., 2017) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.01507>`_ seek to
```

improve the quality of representations learned by a network by modelling the dependencies between channels of convolutional features.
The first step in the block is the Squeeze operation: a copy of all channels are aggregated by taking their means, generating 

> a tensor with shape (1, 1, C). Then we have the Excitation operation: the mean vector passes through a 2 layer MLP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a tensor with shape ``(1, 1, C)``. Then we have the Excitation operation: the mean vector passes through a 2 layer MLP
```

> before being  used in a self-gating mechanism, where it modulates each channel of the original block. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before being used in a self-gating mechanism, where it modulates each channel of the original block. 
```

> The output retains the shape (H, W, C) and therefore can just be passed on to the next layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output retains the shape ``(H, W, C)`` and therefore can just be passed on to the next layer.
```

> .. code-block:: python
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. testcode::

```

  class SEBlock(nn.Module):
    """The Squeeze-and-Excitation block."""
    hidden_size: int
    act: Callable = nn.relu 
    axis: Tuple[int, int] = (1, 2), 

    @nn.compact
    def __call__(self, x):

>         y = x.mean(axis=axis, keepdims=True)
>         y = nn.Dense(
>             y, features=self.hidden_size,
>             name='reduce')
>         y = act(y)
>         y = nn.Dense(
>             y, features=x.shape[-1],
>             name='expand')
>         return nn.sigmoid(y) * x

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      y = x.mean(axis=axis, keepdims=True)
      y = nn.Dense(
          y, features=self.hidden_size,
          name='reduce')
      y = act(y)
      y = nn.Dense(
          y, features=x.shape[-1],
          name='expand')
      return nn.sigmoid(y) * x
```
